docs: Fix broken values.yaml links (#715)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/integration/loki/README.md

helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n ${K8S_NAMESPACE} ${HELM_LOKI_RELEASE} grafana/loki -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/loki/loki-values.yaml
```

> The command above uses a prepared [values.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/loki/loki-values.yaml) provided in this `loki` folder, which contains customized settings deviating from the default settings. Alternatively, you could create your own `values.yaml` file and adjust the command. The customizations in the prepared `values.yaml` cover the following areas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous command uses the [values.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/loki/loki-values.yaml) provided in this `loki` folder, which contains customized settings deviating from the default settings. Alternatively, you can create your own `values.yaml` file and adjust the command. The customizations in the prepared `values.yaml` cover the following areas:
```

- activates the `singleBinary` mode

> - disables additional components that are usually used when running Loki as a central backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- disables additional components that are typically used when running Loki as a central backend.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Alternatively, you can create your own `values.yaml` file and adjust the command.

```
